Deploy:
	install curl
	get paypal api credentials
	overwrite main.css
	add new header_shadow_600x143.png image
	add new paypal files to WWW/

Currently working on:
	discount codes
	custom-order page


TODO:
Google Trusted Stores badge
canonical links to contact page, product pages, etc.. to reduce duplicate urls
admin home page
SEO
	imgur allows links in comments... yay!
	serve images from static content
	make each meta description individual/unique (Done. Just need to edit categories and listings in database!)
	create 'title' text for links
	blog about the site
	optimize product titles / descriptions / uploaded images
Fix product listings being displayed weird
integrate with better paypal api
Discount codes:
	Allow admin to create custom discount codes. Codes are applied on checkout, can do many
	things:
		* free shipping
		* discounted prices (on individual item or in combo with items)
		* etc..
	Also parents can tag code with special events, so they can use it to track where people came to website from.
Out of stock -tagged items won't display in main product listings? or at least say out of stock.
support male/female/unisex (add as hasOne relation)
Non-debug mode should rely on CDNs for libraries.
combine & minimize javascript code: (http://www.yiiframework.com/doc/guide/1.1/en/topics.performance)
Caching -- sitewide
lookbook
add 'complete the look' items related to a product
feedback
bug with 'go back button'
enable product search box on site
create etsy-style custom ordering (password-protected private product listings)
money / check orders page?



--
Things I need from Mom:

* List of all possible measurements
	- I'm going to make a measurements table, with each individual measurement listed inside.
	Each product will specify which measurements they require.
	
	
	
	
People to contact:
* https://www.facebook.com/pdxyarpirates
* info@boompirates.com - Brotherhood of Oceanic Mercenaries
* Pirates Magazine -- http://www.piratesmagazine.com/advertise.html





















*GENERAL INFO
If you would like to customize an item please fill out our custom order form. Click on the add product button below to get started. Once you have completed the form, submit your inquiry and you will then receive a confirmation email stating that we have received your inquiry. After we have reviewed your inquiry we will then send you an email containing a link that will direct you to your private custom order listing, where you will then be able to purchase your custom item. Please note that custom orders will not be started until at least 50% of payment has been received. Depending on the detail and/or difficulty of a custom order please allow between 3-6 weeks for construction and completion. We will try to accommodate rush orders, but they cannot be guaranteed depending on production schedule. An additional fee for rush orders may apply. 

*COLORS
Please note that colors may slightly differ depending on your monitor and calibration. For best results please give us the name of the color you would like, and choose a color from the color chart that most closely resembles the color you would like. We will work with you to try and select a fabric that closely resembles your color choice, however this depends upon the availability of the fabric. 

SIZE CHART
If your measurements do not fit within our regular sizes we may need to cut a new pattern. There will be an additional nominal fee to cover the time taken to do this, and you will be notified if this is necessary for your order. Please note most of our items will NOT require a pattern making fee. If you are requesting an item that is considerably larger than those that we offer, the actual price may be slightly higher due to the extra cost of any additional materials required to create an item. 

*ADDITIONAL REQUESTS
This is a space for you to tell us any other special requests that you have. Try to include as much information as possible about the custom item you are envisioning. You can include pictures and links in this space to help describe what you are looking for.  

*DATE OF EVENT
If you are attending an event, and you would like to receive your custom item in time, please tell us the date and we will attempt to complete your order in time. However, depending on the detail and/or difficulty of a custom order please allow between 3-6 weeks for construction and completion. We will try to accommodate rush orders, but they cannot be guaranteed depending on production schedule. An additional fee for rush orders may apply.

*INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
If you would like to purchase an item from outside of the US, please send me your destination and I can calculate the additional shipping charges to be added to your order. Any international customs and taxes will be the purchasers responsibility. 

SHIPPING
Items will be shipped via USPS or UPS ground and should be received 3-10 business days from the day it is shipped. Next day air is available on request at an additional fee depending on the items size and destination.  

ESTIMATED PRICE
Please note that this price is just an estimate, and is subject to change. Your inquiry must be reviewed to determine if any additional fees will be applied. After we have reviewed your inquiry we will then send you an email containing a link that will direct you to your private custom order listing, where you will then be able to purchase your custom item.

CONFIRMATION EMAIL
Subject: Your Inquiry from Pieces of Eight Costumes
Body: Thank you for inquiring about a custom order with Pieces of Eight Costumes! We will review your inquiry shortly, and then send you an email containing a link that will direct you to your private custom order listing, where you will then be able to purchase your custom item. Construction of custom orders will not be begin until at least 50% of payment has been received. Depending on the detail and/or difficulty of a custom order please allow between 3-6 weeks for construction and completion. We will try to accommodate rush orders, but they cannot be guaranteed depending on production schedule. An additional fee for rush orders may apply.

 *quick overview of their inquiry*   
 
If you require further assistance with your order, you can email us at customerservice@piecesofeightcostumes.com  

Sue Perez  

